OSDOCS-12691 [ROSA] New Feature: Log Forwarder (#104758)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/rosa-enable-log-forwarder.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * security/rosa-configuring-the-log-forwarder.adoc
:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="rosa-enable-log-forwarder.adoc_{context}"]
= Enabling the log forwarder

After you create an `IAM` role then set up a `CloudWatch` or `S3` bucket, you must enable the log forwarder to work with your {rosa-short} cluster. You must choose to create a new {rosa-short} cluster or use an exciting ROSA cluster. 

> Complete the following steps: 

Reviewer: I think you can remove this line.

.Procedure

. Enable the log forwarder to send logs to your ROSA cluster. 

> .. To create a new ROSA cluster for the log forwarder, run the following command:   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. To create a new cluster for the log forwarder, run the following command:   
```

+
[source,terminal]
----
$ rosa create cluster --log-fwd-config="/path/to/file.yaml"
----
+
.. To use an existing ROSA cluster, run the following command:    
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ rosa create log-forwarder -c <cluster> --log-fwd-config="/path/to/file.yaml"
----
+
. Configure your ROSA cluster to access logs from your chosen bucket. 

> .. To use the `CloudWatch` bucket, apply the following JSON sample:  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.. To use the `CloudWatch` log group, apply the following JSON sample:  
```

+
[source,json]
----

> cloudwatch:

Reviewer: Is this syntax correct? The step says json, but this is formatted like yaml. I think this is also why the syntax formatting looks odd - the formatter is styling this as json, but it's not formatted like json.
